bad we need to overcome it it must
look faster but don't like it either
just say if we see
scrap turnover lawyer rosenblata to him
The designer clearly listened
time to take this city here everything is from
we need to start seizing territory
let my neighbors know new
players in the city understand that you need
then the measure is legality
real estate it does not hurt us need
use the power otherwise all the work
held local businessmen know what
do sevens where they want to pay for
roof try bribes
bribes
in the top ten, I feel their px acutely
the linen will be back in five minutes
deus ex
expertise according to the leader
if citizens
rubles
city ​​and me